hello folks I been a while since I shot
a video I just wanted to talk about my
next brew and right now having a little
bit of a brewery that we made a little
under a month ago it's very yellow
ribbon it's quite tasty already it's a
American amber ale using the Cooper's
traditional draft beer kit and one can
of amber malt extract we also i believe
it was up to about 21 leaders and we
also dry hopped it with some cascade
hops for about five days or so it's
turned out to be a nice multi beverage
with some good aroma this stage is a
little still a little easty I think it
needs to settle out a little more but
quite pleased with it overall and really
what I'm going to do here is talk about
what my next career is I'm going to be
making what is a call the best Extra
Stout the ingredients for that or simply
the cooperstown beer kit good result
dark malt extract and about 500 grams of
dextrose you make it up to about 20
liters and that is if you use the yeast
in the can this is maybe to be similar
to the Cooper's best extra style the
commercial best Extra Stout which is
about a six point eight percent alcohol
big beer I'm not sure exactly what the
alcohol level beyond this and really
doesn't matter i'm sure that your
very good so that's that's my broom and
any day now I should have some time to
pop up my footage for the Cooper's house
or not the Cooper's the holiday brute I
made which is fermenting away in the
bottles so cheers and happy brewing so
for those of you interested in this beer
if you want more details besides my
video presentation you can go to the
make beer blog and search for the best
Extra Stout recipe it's very simple but
I just wanted to give it a little
presentation on you know where you can
find the details written out so happy
Bruin everyone